README.md, before:

#Welcome to the Sesame code repository#

Sesame is an extensible Java framework for storing, querying and inferencing for RDF. It can be deployed as a web server or used as a Java library. Features include several query languages (SeRQL and SPARQL), inferencing support, and RAM, disk, or RDBMS storage. Additionally, the central APIs of Sesame are storage-independent and are supported by many third-party RDF database vendors.

More information about Sesame can be found at [openRDF.org](http://www.openrdf.org/).

##Acknowledgements##

No Open Source project can exist without a community to support it. We
therefore gratefully list the people and organizations at the heart of the
OpenRDF community.

###Organizations contributing to Sesame###

In no particular order, these companies and organizations have all contributed to Sesame development:

* [Aduna](http://www.aduna-software.com/)
* [Stichting NLnet](http://www.nlnet.nl/)
* [Ontotext](http://www.ontotext.com/)
* [Fluid Operations](http://www.fluidops.com/)
* [3 Round Stones](http://www.3roundstones.com/)
* [Clark & Parsia](http://www.clarkparsia.com/)
* [Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA)](https://www.ida.org/)

###Individual Developers###

The following people are currently involved as developers of Sesame, or have been in the past (listed in no particular order): Arjohn Kampman, Jeen Broekstra, James Leigh, Herko ter Horst, David Huynh, Peter Mika, Peter Ansell, Gunnar Aastrand Grimnes, Leo Saurmann, Sebastian Weber, Michael Grove, Dale Visser.

In addition, we want to gratefully acknowledge all members of the Sesame community who have come up with new ideas, bug reports, and patches, and so have helped carry this project forward. Cheers!

###Third party software###

This product includes software developed by [The Apache Software Foundation](http://www.apache.org/). ([License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0))

This product includes software developed by the [JUnit project](http://www.junit.org/).  ([License](http://junit.sourceforge.net/cpl-v10.html))

Source code for included Open Source software is available from the respective websites of the copyright holders of the included software.

##Copyright and License##

Copyright Aduna (http://www.aduna-software.com/) (c) 2001-2012
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

added link to issue tracker and kudos to Atlassian

README.md, after:

#Welcome to the Sesame code repository#

Sesame is an extensible Java framework for storing, querying and inferencing for RDF. It can be deployed as a web server or used as a Java library. Features include several query languages (SeRQL and SPARQL), inferencing support, and RAM, disk, or RDBMS storage. Additionally, the central APIs of Sesame are storage-independent and are supported by many third-party RDF database vendors.

Report any issues in the [OpenRDF JIRA issue tracker](https://openrdf.atlassian.net/). 

More information about Sesame can be found at [openRDF.org](http://www.openrdf.org/).

##Acknowledgements##

No Open Source project can exist without a community to support it. We
therefore gratefully list the people and organizations at the heart of the
OpenRDF community.

###Atlassian Support###

![Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/dms/wac/images/press/Atlassian-logos/logoAtlassianPNG.png)
[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/) have generously contributed an Open Source license for us to use their awesome JIRA platform as our [issue tracker](https://openrdf.atlassian.net/). 
 
###Organizations contributing to Sesame###

In no particular order, these companies and organizations have all contributed to Sesame development:

* [Aduna](http://www.aduna-software.com/)
* [Stichting NLnet](http://www.nlnet.nl/)
* [Ontotext](http://www.ontotext.com/)
* [Fluid Operations](http://www.fluidops.com/)
* [3 Round Stones](http://www.3roundstones.com/)
* [Clark & Parsia](http://www.clarkparsia.com/)
* [Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA)](https://www.ida.org/)

###Individual Developers###

The following people are currently involved as developers of Sesame, or have been in the past (listed in no particular order): Arjohn Kampman, Jeen Broekstra, James Leigh, Herko ter Horst, David Huynh, Peter Mika, Peter Ansell, Gunnar Aastrand Grimnes, Leo Saurmann, Sebastian Weber, Michael Grove, Dale Visser.

In addition, we want to gratefully acknowledge all members of the Sesame community who have come up with new ideas, bug reports, and patches, and so have helped carry this project forward. Cheers!

###Third party software###

This product includes software developed by [The Apache Software Foundation](http://www.apache.org/). ([License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0))

This product includes software developed by the [JUnit project](http://www.junit.org/).  ([License](http://junit.sourceforge.net/cpl-v10.html))

Source code for included Open Source software is available from the respective websites of the copyright holders of the included software.

##Copyright and License##

Copyright Aduna (http://www.aduna-software.com/) (c) 2001-2012
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
